Previously on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh!
Arc‐V"...
For Celina to find out
what really happened
in the Xyz Dimension,
she needs to meet Shay.
But to give her
that chance
I'll need to keep
these guys off her trail.
(gasps)
You're a dead ringer
for Lulu and Rin.
You know Lulu?
Does that mean you're
the one who took her?!
Right you are.
Where
did you take her?
The same place that I'm going
to be taking you.
You are coming back
with me to my dimension
so I can deliver you
to the Professor.
We need to gather more
reinforcements, sir.
The enemy we face
is a new breed,
so in order
to defeat them
we need something new
ourselves.
And in the dueling universe
there's nothing newer
than Pendulum Summoning,
and there's no duelist
who knows it better
than
Yuya Sakaki.
Come on, get out
of the cold
and return with me
to see the Professor.
Aaah!
What's this?
Agh! Rin!
You're safe!
Sorry,
wrong girl.
What's that?
Now what's happening?
Finish Shay!
And every single thing
that he fights for!
Aaaaah!
Oh, no!
How will I ever find out
the truth now?
(moaning)
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Ladies and gentlemen...
It is time!
Time for the final showdown
of this tournament's
Youth division!
And what a showdown
it has shaped up to be,
with Leo Institute's Riley
squaring off
against
You Show Duel School's Tate!
I can't wait...
And I don't have to, 'cause
the match is starting now!
Stay on
your toes, Tate!
Remember, Riley's
a double threat!
Ja, he's been known to
useboth Fusion und Synchro
styles!
Oh, I remember
all right.
And that's why I have
a secret weapon to win this.
One that Riley'll
never see coming...
At least...
I hope.
Wha‐‐?
This should be
one great duel!
Too bad Zuzu and Yuya
aren't here.
Yeah,
such a shame.
But they have
their own duels to duel,
and Reed did mention
he'd go help Yuya
before the feed
cut out!
I wonder...
Wonder what?
Tell me!
If Reed Pepper‐‐
Was going to serve up
a delish dish for him?
Yuya's so lucky!
I wish I needed help!
Ho ho!
Huh?
(grunting)
Still think you're
the better duelist, Shay?
(moaning, groaning)
Hey, you okay?
(scoffing)
Oh, Zuzu.
Don't bother trying
to help him.
Shay's a big boy.
He can take care
of himself.
Huh?
That's a Fusion
Duel Disk... You're not Zuzu!
It's time for us to play a
little game of hide and seek!
With the help
of Lunar Eclipse.
Now you see
us...
Now you don't!
If it's a game
you want to play...
Ready or not,
here I come!
(moaning)
Shay...
Cece, what are you doing
helping this Xyzian escape?
Our job's to take 'em down,
not nurse 'em back to health.
Let us go.
(Shay moaning)
Get outta my way!
That I will not do.
Let's Duel!
What gives?
Why are you helping us?
Because my brother and I
have made a promise
for our ninja clan.
And we always
honor our promises.
Celina is absolutely critical
to our negotiations
with Duel Academy.
We must do whatever
it takes to protect her.
What's her current
threat status?
Including Sora Perse, there are
four enemy duelists on the hunt.
Zuzu!
Where could she be?
Come on, Aura!
Wake up!
It's us!
Hey...
You hear me?
Come on!
It's no use.
She's completely out of it,
I just wish we knew why.
I know this much,
we can't leave her like this.
Right.
But we can't just stay here
with her either.
Brilliant thinking,
Trout.
You carrying her out
is a great idea!
Me?!
Aw, me and
my big mouth!
I have
excellent news!
Celina is
down there.
Then we'll take it
from here.
Indeed you will,
gentlemen.
After all, for now it's best
I remain behind the scenes.
Celina.
We've been looking
for you for some time.
But now the game's up.
You're coming with us.
Yeah? Just come on over here
and try and make me.
Guess we'll be doing
this the hard way.
Let's Duel!
Ready?
I summon Edge Imp Saw!
You know I'm going to cut you
down to size, don't you?
We shall see!
Allow me to go first.
I summon one who bridges
daylight and darkness,
Twilight
Ninja Shingetsu!
Then I will end my turn
with three facedowns!
It's my move then!
Be warned!
Its bite is worse
than its bark!
Come on out!
Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
And so now...
Since you have
a monster out...
My Hunting Hound can dish out
600 points of damage
thanks to
its ability!
Canine Cannon!
I activate a trap!
My Barrier Ninjitsu Art
of Extinguishment
builds
a blockading breeze
to blow out your
Hunting Hound's flames.
So what?
I've got something bigger
planned for you.
I play the spell
Polymerization!
And with it, I'll fuse three
Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds!
Watch as the fury
of the pack
takes the shape
of a single raging beast!
I Fusion Summon Triple
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound!
Attack!
Stay!
I play a trap!
Barrier Ninjitsu Art
of Gathering Shadows!
I can end the battle, making
your pooch turn tail
by paying half
of my life points.
You what?
You okay?
As I told you before, I made
a promise to protect Celina,
and this is but a small
sacrifice to make.
Blast!
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn!
Witness this, Sora.
The spell Ninjitsu Art
of Hazy Duplication
allows me to call
upon a ninja!
So rise,
Twilight Ninja Shingetsu!
Ninja sminja.
I Fusion Summon
Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
Sic 'em!
Once again, due to my
trap card's effect,
by paying half my life points,
I can put a stop to your attack!
I tribute Twilight Ninja
Shingetsu so that I can summon
Twilight Ninja Nichirin,
the Chunin!
I'm adding to the pack!
I Fusion Summon another Triple
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound!
I, again, activate
my trap card!
(moaning)
Curses!
I place three cards facedown
and end my turn!
(moaning)
Are you okay?
That... does
not matter.
My brother and I
will not be defeated.
We will fight until we no longer
can, no matter what cost to us.
Well, it's time
to show what I can do!
No way, Shay.
Keep resting up
while I play this!
Polymerization!
I fuse Lunalight Blue Cat and
Lunalight Purple Butterfly!
By combining the reflexes
of a fierce feline
with the fluttering fury
of a nighttime huntress,
I can create a new
lunar legend!
I Fusion Summon!
Lunalight Cat Dancer!
Impressive.
Then again, I would expect
nothing less
from a student
of Duel Academy.
Oh!
Look there!
A duel!
Think those are the
troublemakers Yuya spoke of?
I dunno
but I know this:
I really don't want
to have to find out!
I activate the spell
Lunalight Perfume!
It's truly a refreshing scent‐‐
so refreshing, in fact,
that I can bring back Lunalight
Blue Cat to pounce and play!
And by summoning Lunalight Blue
Cat to the field,
she's gonna double up the attack
points of Lunalight Cat Dancer!
Sharpened steel
and ruler of the jungle,
when the two come together,
prepare to rumble!
I
Fusion Summon...
Frightfur Leo!
Sora!
Huh?
(groans)
Time for the sun
to set on this duel,
so I can get back to
hunting down Shay!
It's time to pounce!
I activate Cat Dancer's
ability!
By tributing
Lunalight Blue Cat...
My Cat Dancer can attack each
of your monsters twice!
Go Cat Dancer, attack
Triple Gear Hunting Hound!
Nice try...
But your cat's...
Getting
declawed!
Uh‐oh...
What is that?
The trap
Fusion Dispersal
splits your Fusion monster
back into two,
and you
take damage equal
to the one with the greater
attack points!
Celina, you don't stand
a chance against us.
We're Fusion duelists,
just like you.
So we know
all your moves!
We gotta help!
You nuts?
What can
we do?
Besides, none of those duelists
are even in the tournament.
Some things mean more
than tournaments.
You're right.
Helping out in this duel's
the right thing to do...
is something
I'd never say!
Sora!
Sora, over here!
I know you
can hear me.
Why are you
shutting me out?
Come on, talk
to me already!
Gong heard you're turning
people into cards!
That's not the Sora
Gong once knew!
At least look at us!
Sora!
Fine, I'm looking.
Happy?
Now get lost.
I don't think so!
(Gong)
Wait, Yuya!
It's too dangerous!
Let go of me!
Look there!
Huh, look where?
It's Zuzu!
Whoa!
Keep your eyes peeled,
it's their move.
Now, let's go!
Yeah, go home!
Mind
if we join?
(computer)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life
points.
Huh?
(screaming)
Now...
It's my draw!
And first
I'll whip up
the scrumptious spell
Minute Meal!
Which means...
I can summon as many
Royal Cookpals as I like
as long as their total Level
is less than your monsters'!
In other words, so long as all
my monsters don't surpass 21,
they're in the mix!
So, Royal Cookpal
Knight Pasta,
Royal
Cookpal Queen Omelet,
and Royal Cookpal King Burger,
welcome to the table!
I'll then throw a facedown
to end my turn!
Ha! You're not a card slinger,
you're just some crazy cook!
And we'll be cooking your
life points soon enough!
Isn't that
right, Trout?
Hey, your pat made me
pull a card!
Still,
it's a favorite so...
Here we go!
The spell Inlet lowers the Level
of a Water Attribute monster
in my hand by 1,
so that lets me summon
the Legendary
Fisherman!
Then, by tributing him, I can
summon an even bigger catch,
the Legendary
Fisherman III!
And when this monster is
summoned to the field,
I can banish from your field
as many monsters as I like!
Say what?
You heard me!
Now scoop up those pooches so
we can take 'em to the pound!
Way to reel them
in there, Trout.
And way to set
the table for this!
The trap card
Monster Pie!
Me and my Cookpals are cooking
up a succulent celebration
where you get
a munchy Monster Pie
for every Hunting Hound
that you lost!
Nasty!
Don't get full yet,
'cause I've got more!
By returning my three Royal
Cookpals to my hand,
I get to destroy
three monsters!
Squash those pies!
Let me add some sauce
to that appetizer!
By sending your Hunting Hounds
to the graveyard,
the Legendary Fisherman III
doubles the damage you take!
For every Monster Pie
that was destroyed,
you would've been served
up 1,000 points of damage.
But now‐‐
It'll be doubled!
To 2,000
points!
Thanks to The Legendary
Fisherman III's special
ability!
Talk about teamwork.
You reel 'em in...
That's right,
and you cook 'em up!
(opponent laughing)
Enjoy your little
victory.
Because it will be the last one
you two ever experience again!
Huh?
I activate
all my facedowns!
First up is Ancient Gear
Reborn,
Next
is Ancient Gear Spark Shot
and last but not least,
Ancient Gear Booster!
Due to
Gear Reborn's effect,
I can resurrect Triple Ancient
Gear Hunting Hound
and give it
an extra 200 points of bite!
Ancient Gear Spark Shot deals
you damage equal to half
of Triple Hunting Hound's
attack points,
but Ancient Gear Booster
gives it a power boost
and doubles
the damage!
Which means 2,000 points
of pain will now...
Ruff you up!
I'm cooked!
Aaaah!
Reed!
Oh...
Oh, no!
Ha ha ha!
Now that's what
I call well‐done.
I'd say his cooking days
are through.
Oh, no!
Poor Reed!
Now, they're gonna pay!
Haaa!
Sora!
You're the leader
of this team, right?
So put a stop to this!
I don't have
to stop nothing!
(angry yelling)
Hope you got a good look
at that, because you're next!
Ancient Gear combo is gonna
sink you once and for all!
And that's too bad,
because you won't
be the one
who gets to swim away
to fight another day!
Well,
n the bright side, Reed...
At least the team'll
be reunited.
Ha ha ha ha!
Yes, reunited
for all eternity!
(angry yelling)
There's nowhere
left to hide!
Your fate's in the claws
of Frightfur Leo!
And that's bad news
for you
'cause Leo's looking to buzz and
bash your last line of defense!
(screaming)
Sora!
I believe
it's your turn...
Your turn to go down,
that is!
I activate
Ancient Gear Reborn!
And just like before, I can
bring back a more powerful
Triple Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
Then I'll activate
my facedown, too!
The trap card Ancient
Gear Spark Shot!
And by now, I'm sure you know
how the rest goes!
Say goodbye!
Not so fast!
Sylvio's stepping in with the
Action Spell Flame Guard!
Now your Hound's attack
is snuffed out!
(gasps)
That's right, everyone,
it really is me!
I'm here to save the day
and nothing'll stop me.
Huh?
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 Life Points.
(screaming)
Okay, this might
stop me!
(screaming)
Now,
where was I?
Oh yeah, about to save
everyone!
Do I have time
for a nap first?
Sora!
What you're doing is wrong!
Yuya...
it's up to you...
to use your power...
to fight off the darkness...
to make the whole
world smile...
That's right.
Sora,
you're dueling me.
Sure, Yuya.
But
let's duel somewhere
where these lame‐os won't be
able to bother us.
Because I wouldn't want anyone
to interrupt our duel.
You've forgotten
what dueling is all about,
but I'll make you remember,
no matter what it takes!
Here we go!
♪